Add changelog items for April, May and first part of June (#1754)
sequinstream/sequin: CHANGELOG.md

Sequin provides fast, real-time Postgres change data capture into streams and queues.

This log is updated every Friday to track our feature releases and updates week by week. [Subscribe](https://sequinstream.com/#newsletter) to get updates in your inbox.

> ## June 6, 2025

Author: This new structure builds on the example at Neon:
* New things get an entire section with more explanation and detail
* Change become "improvements" and roll into an expandable section with fixes

Sequin provides fast, real-time Postgres change data capture into streams and queues.

This log is updated every Friday to track our feature releases and updates week by week. [Subscribe](https://sequinstream.com/#newsletter) to get updates in your inbox.

## April 25, 2025

### Added

* Added support for three new sink destinations: [AWS SNS](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/sinks/sns), [Typesense](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/sinks/typesense), and [Elasticsearch](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/sinks/elasticsearch) integration.

### Changed

> * Implemented hibernation for slot message store when all messages have been processed to reduce resource consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improvements to memory utilization.
```

> * Enhanced system resilience by adding retry attempts when the system reaches memory limits and improved SlotProcessorServer disconnect handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved how the system behaves when it hits memory limits and needs to disconnect from the replication slot.
```

> * Extended minielixir functionality to support `Base` operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for modules like `Base` to functions.
```

> * Improved sink creation user experience by hiding Sequin internal tables from the sink creation form.

Reviewer: Drop

> * Renamed Redis sink to Redis Stream for clearer terminology and functionality distinction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed current Redis sink to Redis Stream to make way for the new Redis String sink.
```

### Fixed

> * Corrected the sidebar navigation title display for 'Management API' section.

Reviewer: Drop

> * Enhanced PostgreSQL array parsing to handle complex data types more accurately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed Postgres array parsing to handle complex data types more accurately.
```

> * Resolved auto-completion issues for function transforms to improve developer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved in-console experience around editing function transforms.
```

> * Fixed YAML parsing errors in sequin.yaml configuration files and improved CONFIG_FILE_YAML handling after disk operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed some YAML parsing errors in `sequin.yaml` configuration files around anchors and interpolation.
```

> * Resolved TLS configuration issues in CLI, with proper default TLS=false setting for localhost connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolved some TLS configuration issues in CLI when working with `localhost`.
```

## April 18, 2025

### Added

> * Added [routing functions](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/routing) to route messages based on custom logic.

Reviewer: This is too important not to get a bigger callback, "what's in it for me?"

* Added the [`sequin config interpolate`](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/cli/overview#commands) command to the CLI to output a YAML file with all environment variables interpolated.

### Changed

> * AWS Fargate deployments are now fully supported for improved scalability.

Reviewer: "improved scalability"? But also this is internal for cloud only. Drop

* Database connection failures during startup now provide detailed error messages to help diagnose connectivity issues.
* Improved replica identity validation for partitioned tables to ensure proper change data capture.

> * Removed legacy sequences from YAML configuration and management API to simplify deployment management.

Reviewer: Drop or just say "Non-breaking simplifications to `sequin.yml` format" or something

### Fixed

* Resolved issue in change retention where WAL events for the same record were incorrectly coalesced.
* Eliminated race condition during startup where transform functions were loaded simultaneously.

## April 11, 2025

### Added

* Self-hosted deployments can now be configured with [GitHub logins](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/configuration#oauth-configuration).
* The [management API](https://sequinstream.com/docs/management-api/introduction) now supports CRUD on HTTP endpoints, sinks, and backfills.

> * sequin.yml supports [environment variable substitutions](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/sequin-yaml#environment-variable-substitution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sequin.yml` supports [environment variable substitutions](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/sequin-yaml#environment-variable-substitution). This makes it easier to keep secrets out of your `sequin.yml`. And makes it easier to re-use your `sequin.yml` in multiple environments.
```

> * Transform functions now support timestamp transformation to unix (numeric)

Reviewer: Drop this

```suggestion
```

> * You can now [provision an API Token](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/sequin-yaml#api-token-configuration) in the sequin.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can now [provision an API Token](https://sequinstream.com/docs/reference/sequin-yaml#api-token-configuration) in the `sequin.yml`. This can be useful for dev and CI workflows. You can provision a Sequin account with an API token then make subsequent API calls to your Sequin instance.
```

### Changed

> * Console improvement: make it easier to notice which table is selected

Reviewer: If I don't understand it, users won't understand it. I don't know what this means or how it impacts me.

```suggestion
```

* Improved logging configuration: The log level can now be set via the LOG_LEVEL environment variable across all environments, with sensible defaults

> * Validate http endpoint names are unique

Reviewer: Drop

> * sequin.yaml: remove `sort_column_name` from YAML import/export

Reviewer: Drop

```suggestion
```

### Fixed

* Fix config file interpolation

> * CLI: increase timeout in plan/apply

Reviewer: Not really meaningful -- or just merge with last one under a "various CLI improvements around `config plan/apply`
